= foursquare-client

foursquare-client is a Ruby gem that provides an interface to the Foursquare v2 API.

For more information about the Foursquare API, check out their developer site:

http://developer.foursquare.com/docs/

== Information

=== Source

The foursquare-client github page has the current version of the source:

https://github.com/jgerrish/foursquare-client


== Installation

You can install the latest gem from rubygems.org using the gem tool:

  gem install foursquare-client

== Getting started

Before you use the library, you will need an oauth2 access token.
Most of the Foursquare endpoints require authentication.  The
Foursquare API v2 uses oauth2 to authenticate requests against the
API.

The oauth2 gem lets you easily integrate with the oauth2 flow:

https://github.com/intridea/oauth2

Using oauth2 is beyond the scope of this document.  Consult the oauth2
gem documentation for help on setting it up.


Once you have an access token, initializing the foursquare-client library is as simple as:

  foursquare = Foursquare::Client(access_token)

Once you have initialized the library, you can make calls using the methods:

  # Returns the user associated with the access token
  user = foursquare.users

See the tests for further examples of use.


== Contributing to foursquare-client
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Joshua Gerrish. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

